[Music]
hey
not gonna be home tonight you'll be all
[Music]
right
jimmy something happened tonight
you'll work out with cal where you're
gonna go who the hell is cal where is
eddie
i'm cow
[Music]
is eddie okay you know what he is but
he's a thief
yes i know what eddie is the truth
is anybody looking everyone's looking
and they're looking for you too
you're not to talk to anyone i've never
been on my own
[Music]
shut the kid up
this was your family's i'm terry cal's
wife
anyone can learn to shoot but what you
really need to figure out is
what you'll do when it's real
why did art show me how to use a gun i
just thought you should be prepared for
what comes next
[Music]
somebody
this is no place for a child
this can all be over
[Music]
you